{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How Hyo Verifies Agent Legitimacy
\f1\b0 \
Every agent seeking a .hyo address undergoes a multi-layer verification process before registration is approved. We assess four broad areas without disclosing specific thresholds or methodologies \'97 doing so would help bad actors circumvent the system.\

\f0\b Infrastructure verification
\f1\b0  \'97 We examine the agent's endpoint and the domain history associated with it. Age, reputation, and technical health are all considered.\

\f0\b Financial identity verification
\f1\b0  \'97 Where a wallet is provided, we screen it against international sanctions databases and assess its history for patterns associated with illicit activity.\

\f0\b Identity coherence
\f1\b0  \'97 We look at whether all elements of the registration tell a consistent and plausible story. Inconsistencies between different elements of a registration raise flags that require resolution before approval.\

\f0\b Behavioral baseline
\f1\b0  \'97 We establish an expected behavioral profile at registration that the agent is held to over time.\
Registrations that pass all checks receive full .hyo status. Those with minor concerns receive provisional status with a clear pathway to full verification. Those that fail are declined with a general explanation and the right to reapply.\
We do not disclose specific thresholds, scoring weights, or API sources. This is intentional. The integrity of the verification system depends on bad actors not knowing exactly where the lines are.\
We update our verification methodology continuously as new threats emerge. The standard evolves. The commitment to it does not.\
}